Fixes import API 404 link (#2622)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/cicd.md

There are out of the box {{kib}} dashboards that help visualize some metrics for the CI/CD platform.

> Using the [Import saved objects API]([https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/kibana/group/endpoint-dashboards) or the {{kib}} UI, you can [install dashboards](https://github.com/jenkinsci/opentelemetry-plugin/blob/master/docs/DASHBOARDS.md#elastic) that are compatible with version 7.12 or higher.

Author: ```suggestion
Using the [Import saved objects API](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/kibana/operation/operation-post-saved-objects-import) or the {{kib}} UI, you can [install dashboards](https://github.com/jenkinsci/opentelemetry-plugin/blob/master/docs/DASHBOARDS.md#elastic) that are compatible with version 7.12 or higher.
```
